In this lecture, we are going to use Chron to schedule our database and site backups, there are no
configuration files to concern yourself with in this lecture.
The command is crosstab.
The half an hour FLAC will list the current cron jobs to create a new cron job.
It is crosstab.
I Finnie.
We are going to create two green jobs.
The first one will back up our databases.
The second one will back up our site content.
Because Maria DBI runs with elevated privileges.
We need to create a Suja Cron job to back up our database and 538 m every day of the week I'm going
to run the script WPC Allai DB up on the sixth day of every week.
I'm going to run the script WPEC Allai site backup.
I recommend you backup your databases on a daily basis, your site content.
You can back up once a week.
Sudo Crosstab Ifni.
We are creating a route krunch up from a previous lecture.
They are the two scripts which we run at three thirty and 40 am on the 14th day of each month to renew
our Let's Encrypt certificates.
I've added an additional job 530 am every day of the week slash home Andrew scripts followed by the
name of the script WPC Allai DB backup.
That script will back up our databases on a daily basis.
You can exit NENO saving your changes, you can show up error key and change the hyphen E to a half
an hour and there is a listing of our sudo cron jobs.
Backing up your SOC files does not require elevated privileges crosstab e.
So it's six thirty a.m. on the sixth day Saturday slash home Andrew scripts WPEC Allai site backup will
run control x.
Yes.
You want to save the changes.
Compress your up, change the hyphen E to a half final and there is a listing of the current jobs.
In this lecture we looked at using Chron to schedule our database and site backups.